I guess my favorite
childhood memory
Really?
You lived there?
Well, not on purpose.
It was more of a...
border crossing situation.
Did you lose your passport?
No, we had plenty of passports.
Our luggage was the problem.
Anyway, eventually,
we made it back into the States.
At night.
In a row boat.
Wow.
Yeah.
Heck of a way to spend
your fifth birthday.
Also the night
I learned to swim.
Anyway, what's your
favorite childhood memory?
Um...
Oh, you know what?
Got to meet Bo Jackson.
I didn't... didn't
really meet him.
Uh, my dad and I were invited
to stand on the sidelines
at a Raider game.
And Bo got chased out of bounds
and ran right into me.
Broke my collarbone.
Nice.
I like to call it
"a football injury"
Don't you like your dinner?
Oh, yeah, it's fine.
I'm just...
I'm not much of an eater.
Ah.
So, listen, um...
my college roommate is getting
married next month in Big Sur.
And...
I was thinking maybe
you'd like to go with me.
Really?
Yeah.
So, like... kind of a...
overnight sort of deal?
Yeah, yeah.
It would be a weekend.
At a hotel.
I know we're trying
to take this slow,
but, um...
I don't think I can get them
to postpone the wedding
and I'd really like
to go with you.
No, no, no.
It sounds nice.
Kind of a... romantic getaway.
Uh... so is that a yes?
Yeah, sure.
I'd love to.
Great.
You going to eat that salmon?
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Thanks for dinner.
Oh, you're welcome.
So, I'm going to RSVP
for the wedding.
Adam Henchy,
plus one-derful.
I bet you regret that.
The second it came
out of my mouth.
So, any food allergies
I should let them know about?
Uh, just penicillin
and vodka.
Thank you for being
so patient with me.
Oh, don't be silly.
I'm glad we didn't jump into
bed right away, he lied.
One month.
Wait, I should
say that to him.
One month.
Yippee!
Good night.
Oh, damn, my penis
just said "yippee."
Roscoe do his homework?
Yep.
How was your date?
You really
have to ask?
It's 20 after 9:00.
It was very nice.
In fact...
Adam asked me to go
to a wedding with him
next month in Big Sur.
Would you like me
to get you a spoon?
No, I just
wanted a taste.
I can't believe you haven't
slept with this guy yet.
Mom, please, not
in front of Violet.Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I offend the delicate
sensibilities
of my pregnant
granddaughter?
I'm good.
Well, if you must know--We must.
I'm sticking to the plan.
I'm not going to have
sex with him
until we know each
other really well.
Until we have
a foundation
of trust and respect
to build on.
[blows raspberry]
You're such a girl.
I'm a lady.
Kiss my ass.
Hey, look who's eating
here on his day off.
Christy. I, uh...
I thought this was
Richard's table.
Richard called in sick.
And his name is David.
I'll be your server.
Oh... isn't that great.
Sorry, I'm late.
The new masseuse
at the club
has no idea
what she's doing.
Christy, you
remember my wife.
Of course.
Hello, Claudia.
It's "Clowdia."
Right, sorry.
My mouth doesn't like
to make that shape.
"Clowdia."
It's a lot of work.
Um, okay, well, I will give you
a minute with the menus.
Clowdia...
A penny for your thoughts?
A thousand dollars
for your tushy.
What?
Twelve hundred.
You really need to go to the
sexual harassment workshop.
If I go, will you sleep with me?
I am so sorry.
Not as sorry as I am.
If it'll help, I'll move us
to another table.
Oh, no, no-- you are going
to stay right where you are.
And I am going to serve
dinner to your wife
and you are going
to tip me 40 percent.
That sounds fair.
And a month from now you are
going to give me the weekend off
so I can go away
with my new boyfriend.
You're seeing someone?
Is it serious?
You're married.
Sorry.
FYI, we don't have any
water or bread yet.
Take your time.
[woman crying]
Uh, hello?
You okay in there?
[whimpering]:
No.
Well...
you going to be long?
'Cause I'm fighting
a losing battle here.
Hold on.
[toilet flushes]
Oh. Claudia.
Clowdia.
I'm sorry.
Are you all right?
I'm fine, thank you.
Can I tell you a secret?
That you drink $800 bottles
of wine on the toilet?
My husband's
cheating on me.
Wow.
That is a secret.
[crying]
Here.
And the worst part is,
he's just doing
it to get back at me.
What'd you do?
Oh, I slept
with his step-father.
You're kidding.
Once-- I was drunk,
he was tall.
Drunk and tall, I've
made that mistake.
I just can't for the life of me
understand what kind of loser
would allow herself to be
violated by my husband.
Probably some
dumb whore.
Right?
The important thing is...
as long as you
love your husband,
you can still make
your marriage work.
You're really
sweet, Christy.
Thank you.
Don't forget to wash your hands
before you touch my food.
Son of a bitch!
I just have to say,
ever since I stopped drinking,
I look better,
I have more energy,
I sleep better,
I've lost weight,
I'm making more money
and best of all,
I have this wonderful,
deep sense
that every day is a miracle
and I am a blessed child of god.
Anybody buying this crap?
Anybody?
All right, you're up.
Thank you, Bonnie.
Hi, I'm Christy.
I'm an alcoholic.
ALL:
Hi, Christy.
Um, I just want to say
that it's really nice being
at a women's meeting
where I can talk about
what's going on in my life
without feeling judged.
Or hit on.
I mean,
for the most part.
Anyway, I'm six months sober.
Feeling pretty good in general.
Still struggling with the whole
relationship thing.
Um, I've been dating
this really great guy.
And...
you know,
taking my sponsor's advice--
going slow, not jumping
into bed with him right away.
But the problem is, the longer
I don't sleep with him,
the more nervous I am
about sleeping with him.
And I just agreed to go away
with him for the weekend,
and I know we're going to do it
and I'm kind of
freaking out because
I don't think
I've ever had sex
with anybody I care about
without being at least partially
drunk and/or high.
And I might be using
food as a substitute.
How about this
for the wedding?
Nah.
Doesn't fit.
I don't know what happened.
I have a clue.
All right, let's forget about
the event ensemble for a moment
and talk about
The Event ensemble.
What about it?
What's the plan?
You going to wear
some lingerie
or just throw your dress up
over your head
and say, "Have at it?"
I don't know, Mom.
It's a nice hotel,
I just thought I'd throw on
one of their robes.
Seriously?
You make the guy wait
three months to open the present
and you're going wrap it
in terry cloth?
He's gonna feel like
he's doing it with a hand towel.
Okay. Here.
Teddy, nightie,
thong, thong, thong.
Happy?
Forgive me for trying to help.
Sorry, I'm just...
a little freaked out
about this trip.
Oh, sweetie, listen.
If this is too much for you,
remember--
it's not too late to call him,
cancel, break his heart
and die alone.
I do enjoy
our talks, Mother.
Oh, I almost forgot.
I got you a little something.
Strawberry lube?
Sorry, they were out
of ham flavored.
Thanks.
Do not eat it in the car.
Thanks for taking care
of Roscoe for the weekend.
No problem.
We're going to have
a lot of fun.
Come here,
give me a hug.
Be a good boy.
I will.
Listen to your dad.
Unless it's against
your better judgment.
Okay.
I love you.I love you, too.
Go wait in the car,
I'll be right out.
Thanks for letting me
have this time with him.
Oh, happy to do it.
Just don't feed him
a lot of crap.I won't.
No scary movies.Of course not.
I don't want him
around your friends.Got it.
Okay, have fun.How?
Anything happens to Roscoe,
I'm going to hunt you down
and kill you.
Could have just said "bye."
Oh, hey.
You must be "Big Sur."
Uh, yeah, I guess.
All right. Up top.
We're tunnel buddies.
"Tunnel buddies"?
Yeah, I'm Christy's ex.
Makes us...
tunnel buddies.
Oh. Oh.
No, I see.
Actually, we're not
"buddies" just yet.
She and I are taking it slow.
Wow. Really?
I hit that
the first night.
Well, it was
so nice to meet you.
Likewise.
Oh, Big Sur--
when it does happen,
you're going to love it.
Love. It.
[knocking]
CHRISTY:
Could somebody get the door?
BONNIE:
Hang on!
Hello.
Oh, look at you.
Like a puppy.
Come on in.
Come on.
I'm Bonnie,
Christy's mom.
Oh, pleasure to meet you.
Adam Henchy.
I know.
Christy, he's here,
he's adorable,
I can't believe
you waited.
I'm almost done packing
I'll be right there.
Oh, no hurry.
You're talking to my mother--
believe me there's a hurry.
Let me introduce you
to the rest of the family.
This is Christy's
daughter, Violet.
Violet, yes.
Finally.
I've heard so
much about you.
Hey.
Don't take it personal.
She's not very nice.
And this is her
boyfriend, Luke.
Hi.
Oh, good luck
this weekend.
I am pulling for you.
Don't stand too close,
he'll impregnate you.
So, Adam,
big trip, huh?
Uh, yeah.
My college roommate's
getting married.
That's not what
I'm talking about.
What are you talking about?
You know what
I'm talking about.
I don't want to talk about
what you want to talk about.
She's going to tell
me everything
when she gets
back anyway.
Christy, help!
Whatever she said,
I'm sorry.
It was nice to meet you.
Just keep walking.Okay.
Ladies first.
You bring your bathing suit?
Huh? What? No.
Oh, damn, I'm nervous.
About what?
Really?
You're going to make me say it?
No.
I'm just as nervous.
Well, I find that if
you talk about your fears,
you take away
their power.
Yeah, I find that, too.
All right,
well, then,
let's just put
everything on the table, yeah?
We've been seeing each
other for three months,
and sometime tonight,
we are going to have
sex for the very first time.
Woo! There.
I said it.
I feel better.
How about you?
Oh, yeah.
Beautiful wedding, huh?Yeah.
You know, they met
on a dating website.
No kidding.
Yep.
First date, they fell
into bed with each other
and they've been all over each
other ever since.
That explains why she grabbed
his ass at the altar.
Right.
So, what do you
feel like doing?
Really?
You're going
to make me say it?
I'll be right back.
Okay.
My friends really liked you.
I liked them, too.Yeah?
Uh, what'd you think
of the band?
They were okay.
Where'd you learn
to dance like that?
Oh, believe it or not--
Boy Scout camp.
Really?
That's right, yeah.
One of my Scout Leaders
used to dance on Broadway.
He taught us guys everything.
The Waltz, the Salsa, the Tango.
Some of the parents
actually got really upset.
Kind of like Footloose.
How you-how you doing in there?
Almost.Oh, you know.
I think there's
a full moon tonight.
[shrieks]
Christy!
Oh. Hey.
What are you doing?Um...
I'm running away.
Why?
I'm just not ready
to have sex with you.
Get in here.
Are you out of your mind?
Uh, maybe. Yeah.
Why didn't you
just say something?
Oh, I thought it'd
be easier to just...
crawl through
the bathroom window,
shimmy down a drainpipe
and take a bus home.
You thought that'd be easier?
Oh, come on,
don't make me defend it.
All right, fine.
Just tell me the truth.
Is the problem me?
Is it that you just don't
want to be with me?
No, you're terrific.
The problem is me.
I'm just too scared.
Oh, Christy.
Come here.
There's nothing
to be scared of.
Yeah, there is.
Name three things.
Number one--
you see me naked
and there's a couple of tattoos
that will need explaining.
Number two--
should we start out
simple, guy on top,
or do we go straight
for Cirque du Soleil?
Number three-- sounds.
Should they be real,
or should they be,
"Ooh, baby, ooh, baby"?
Number four--Oh-oh, that's fine.
Just wanted three.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just getting started.
Ooh, here's a good one--
what if you can't do it?
Who ends up crying in
the shower, me or you?
Probably me.
I'm telling you,
we're doomed.
Wow.
I've disappointed
a few women in my life,
but this is my first
Doomsday scenario.
Listen.
The reason I'm not ready
to have sex with you
is because I'm still
figuring out who I am,
and until I do...
I don't think I can be
in a relationship.
So, what does that mean?
It means
we take a break.
[sighs]
So, what, we'll just be,
like, friends?
Yeah. Friends.
Oh, God.
How do I always wind up being
friends with hot chicks?
Unbelievable.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
[breathes deeply]
All right, friend.
What do you say,
you hungry?
Want to get some
room service?
No, actually,
I'm not hungry at all.
Yeah, well, I'm starving.
Hi, could you connect me
with room service, please?
Oh, Adam, don't use food
to cover up your feelings.
Shut up.
[knocking]
Hello, Christy.
Oh, hi.
What a surprise.
We need to talk.
We do?
Yes, we do.
May I come in?
Yeah, sure.
BONNIE:
I was wrong.
I'd like to have sex
in a hotel bathrobe.
Mom, this is
"Clowdia."
Gabriel's wife.
Oh, well.
Isn't it, uh,
nice to meet you.
Hello.
Got your back.
So... what's up?
I confronted Gabriel
about the affair.
Really?
What did he say?
He denied it.
He said it was
all in my imagination
because I have
a drinking problem.
And...
do you believe him?
I do, I'm a mess.
Yes, you are!
Can you help me?
Yes, I can!
Wait, why me?
Gabriel said you're
a huge alcoholic
and it wrecked your life.
He's right again!
Bring it on in, sloppy.
BONNIE:
Aw, I wanted to hit her.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.